Astro 9/6 release notes + new deploy history doc (#2798)
astronomer/docs: astro/view-deploy-history.md

---
sidebar_label: 'View deploy history'

> title: 'View the deploy history for an Astro Deployment'

Author: Soon you'll be able to rollback deploys to the entries on this table. Should I rename this to a more general title that works for all management that will happen on this page, or just rename it when I need to?

Reviewer: I feel like the title is pretty forward looking? In general I think that we should aim for not changing titles quickly and choosing an enduring titl instead of renaming things too frequently when we know what will be there soon- it's kind of hard to bounce around our docs right now, because so many pages have changed titles.

Author: I guess that's why I'm hesitant about this title, because "Viewing" will soon only be a small component of what you can do on this page. The main workflow will be rolling back deploys, of which "viewing" is just a step.

Reviewer: So it'll become something like

- Rollback Deployment
- Reset to Historical Deployment
- Revert to Historical Deployment

Then maybe we want the id to be just `deploy-history` instead of `view-deploy-history`. and then keep the title with View Deploy History. I'm really not sure what the best title would be to encompass both of those at this time without being misleading.

> id: view-deploy-hitory

Author: ```suggestion
id: view-deploy-history
```

description: See a historical record of code deploys to an Astro Deployment.
---

The **Deploy History** tab in the Cloud UI shows you a record of all code deploys to your Deployment. Use this page to track deploys across multiple contributors and pinpoint when a specific change was made.

![View of the Deploy History tab in the Cloud UI, with one deploy entry](/img/docs/deploy-history.png)

:::caution

Deploy history is currently available only for image deploys. DAG deploys do not appear in the **Deploy History** tab.

:::

## View deploy history

1. In the Cloud UI, select a Deployment.
2. Click **Deploy History**

> For each deploy, the **Deploy History** table shows who made the deploy, when they made the deploy, what image they used, and any descriptions they added to the deploy. 

Reviewer: "who" vs "the user" -> might better account for teams that use functional IDs or things of that nature.
```suggestion
For each deploy, the **Deploy History** table shows the user that made the deploy, when they made the deploy, what image they used, and any descriptions they added to the deploy. 
```
